# Enron-Scandal-Analysis
Background Description:  Enron Corporation, an American energy, commodities and services company, was founded in 1985 and used to be one of the world's major electricity and natural gas companies with claimed revenues of nearly $101 billion during 2000. Fortune nominated Enron as "American Most Innovative Company" for six consecutive years.("Enron", 2017) There is no denying that Enron Corp. reached dramatics height and with its roots in the universal utility services, the company built a solid reputation for old-economy stability. Lead by one of the smartest business man, Jeffery Skilling(CEO), Enron finally became the largest dominant force in the energy and natural gas sectors with an extensive pipline network in North America. Undoubtedly, by far, Enron's story was perfect and splendid. However, not all great stories come with happy endings. Enron eventually faced a dizzying collapse and by the fall of 2000, the company was starting to crumble under its own weight. Actually Enron collapsed so fast that it only took several weeks for this seventh largest company in America to claim a bankruptcy at the end of 2001.  Enron was revealed that its published financial condition was inflated by institutionalized accounting fraud and its income as well as equity value were both overstated by a couple of billion dollars. As revealed by the investigator, the company had made a dozen partner companies and used those companies to hide its financial losses and debts on its trading business.("The fall of eron", 2017) The impact of this company bankruptcy was extensive and unprecedented. It wiped out the remaining holdings of thousands of investors and throwed 21,000 people out of work. At the same time, Arthur Andersen, one of the "Big Five" accounting firms in the world, was convicted of complicating in perpetrating one of the biggest frauds in corporate history and later surrendered its CPA licenses on 2002. Not only does this swift collapse have a huge impact on bunsiness, but it also had implications for politics. Two federal agencies and more than ten congressional committees were investigated and found guilty of criminal charges. What was going wrong on Enron's business and how could we prevent it in the future? These two major questions soon became increasingly importatnt to the public.
